Fix/doc 4270 (#76)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/Manage-Space.rst

|image27|

> .. _SpaceHomePortlets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _SpaceHome:
```

> **Space home portlets**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Space home**
```

> Three portlets are available for space homepage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default space home page contains the following content:
```

> -  Description: should display the space's description and the list of the space's managers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Activity stream: displays the space's activities
-  Description: displays the space's description and the list of the space's managers
```

> -  :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>`: displays the today's events that are added to the space's calendar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>`: displays the events of the space's calendar by day (today's events by default)
```

> -  :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>`: displays the on line members of the space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>`: displays the online members of the space.
```

.. note:: :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>` and :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>` portlets are the same
          as for :ref:`intranet homepage <PLFHomepage>` but specific for the space's calendar and members.

> By default, only two portlets appear in the newly created space: **Description** and **Calendar**.

Reviewer: This sounds redundant with the previous paragraph.

Author: In the previous one I presented the available portlets for the space home page in general, here I present the defaults ones i.e. those which appears just after space's creation (the Who is online appears only when a member accepts the invitation and that he is online)

Reviewer: I am not sure to understand what `the available portlets for the space home page in general` means. We can add any portlets in the space home page by editing the page, not only those you listed.

Author: hmmm OK when I read the spec https://community.exoplatform.com/portal/intranet/wiki/group/spaces/platform_4/Portlet_in_Space_Homepage_(MVP) i thought that only these three portlet could be added to a space

Reviewer: No, nothing prevents the admin from editing the page and adding/deleting portlets.

-  Description portlet displays the space's description inputted during :ref:`the space creation <second_step>` 
   and the space's creator full name with his avatar.
   
   |image76|

> -  Calandar portlet is empty by default as there are no events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Calendar portlet is empty by default as there are no events.
```

    
   |image77|

If you :ref:`invited users during the space's creation <Users_invitation>` and that they accept the invitation, 
:ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp> portlet appears to display their avatars if they are not choosing the

> :ref:`invisible chat status <SettingStatus>`.

Reviewer: No need to mention `invisible chat status` here IMO, it is confusing.

Author: OK

Author: OK

|image78|

> When you add new events to your space's calendar, those of the current day will appears in the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you add new events to your space's calendar, those of the current day appear in the 
```

|image27|

.. _SpaceHome:

**Space home**

The default space home page contains the following content:

-  Activity stream: displays the space's activities
-  Description: displays the space's description and the list of the space's managers
-  :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>`: displays the events of the space's calendar by day (today's events by default)
-  :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>`: displays the online members of the space.

.. note:: :ref:`Calendar <CalendarApp>` and :ref:`Who is on line? <WhoIsOnlineApp>` portlets are the same
          as for :ref:`intranet homepage <PLFHomepage>` but specific for the space's calendar and members.

> Just after the space's creation, only two portlets appear in the newly created space:

Reviewer: Shouldn't we merge the 2 parts, it seems still a bit redundant to me. We could insert the screenshot below each bullet in the list. And we can add that the Who is online? portlet appears onlilne when at least one member is online (which explains why it can be not visible). WDYT ?

Author: Ok
